What are we doing well you see
that's the important thing is we
let our left brain get into the
act and say what are we doing we
let our intellect? Not just your
imagination, but our elected in
and say what are we doing?
Well. We finally got around to
thinking, we have a pretty good
way of defining of stating what
we're doing. And that is that
we, as humans and let's take the
simple paw of ratio of.
Here we are now and we are
focused our attention in time
space. And we are very much.
Say if you were watching this
particular film you would be
focused your attention here.
And that is that type of phasing
we are in phase.
With time space.
Now, if you don't look away from
the TV or something and are
thinking about what you will do
tomorrow morning. When you get
up. You are a little bit out of
phase because you're not
concerned. With this here now.
You are thinking about your
thinking and doing nothing but
thinking and when you do that.
Then you're a little bit out of
phase with time space so you can
get the patterns of these
relationships, you're still
here. But in your consciousness
is not only here in your
physical self, but you're a
little bit out of phase and as
you do this a little bit more.
You get beyond annotated. You
have what we call daydreams. So
you're focused very much in your
mind here, but your body's here
and you know your body's here
and you know you're still in
time space and so there is a
phase relationship say 60% of
you is still in your physical
consciousness and 40%'s over
here day dreaming somewhere.
And if you move it a little bit
more you get into such things as
out of control facing that are
caused by alcohol for example,
and you're drunk or drugs and
you were all on some drug high
and it's all uncontrolled,
though it's tremendously,
uncontrolled and you can start
and stop it. But you up yet? How
to control butcher out of phase
so you are perceiving 2 things
at once the out of control stuff
here. And you have physical
matter and there begins the
other very serious question
is that.
The person who has dementia or
some form of psychosis.
Is in a dual phase relationship
and can not differentiate
between the time space physical
phasing and this other that he
proceed so he sees little men
and he hears voices and all
kinds of things that are coming
to him from this other phase
relationship and he can explain.
And so he tries to mix the 2:00
to the degree that they're both
the same thing when they're
really not the same thing. So he
goes into a mental hospital or
they give him drugs like beta
blockers to stop this other
phasing. So if you think of that
moving onward out through there,
you can see what I mean by
phasing I can probably say you
take a piece of paper and say
this for example, it is a phase
relationship and that's totally
focused. Can you see it on the
Camera there that's pretty good
isn't it, you don't have to
focus a diet. But just get the
angle now as this, I turn this.
This is moving slightly out of
phase so you have difficulty
seeing the print more and more
until this way. It's very narrow
you could not even.
Define what that is, is just a
lying there and if you're trying
to read this you're having great
difficulty because you can't
even see it at all now now
you're seeing another type of
something you're seeing not
this. But something else. So
you're completely out of phase
of time space so it's that type
of thing of these are ratios and
everything is ratio in terms of
consciousness, the interesting
part of course, is that we have
certain. Fascinating things and
that is that when.
There comes a point we all face
there certain things like death
and taxes. We always to face
well. One of them. We have is
facing physical death and that
means that this. Tuning device
that we have called a physical
body doesn't work anymore. So we
have to phase out of it and
we're completely out of phase
and this doesn't work. So we are
totaly there again. Our
consciousness is not dependent
upon this. It's over there and
being over, there is again a
reality and this is the thing
that you begin to understand the
more you get into this that
there is other realities, which
this. Mind that we have
this human. State can be
conscious over in these other
areas and you can learn and do
this long before you're forced
to drop this physical biting go
on, you can go play there. What
is what is the significance Bob
of this ability that you've
proven that we have to contact
these other realities or other
phases. I think then the most
important thing first of all is
to understand these ratios so
that we can, we can begin to.
I just like we do with all of
our physical Sciences classify
plants. Biological scientists
began to classify these other
states of consciousness as to
what they really are, and
explore them. While I do that. I
the 1st and foremost thing and
it is certainly comes out.
That we around here have long
gotten to the stage of that. We
know we are more than our
physical body. What does that
mean that means that it doesn't
make any difference? What you do
here? Whatever you do.
And this is contrary to a lot of
belief systems. No doubt about
that, but whatever you do your
performance your behavior here.
Does mean whether you're going
to exist or not exist after you
die physically? You you can be.
The. A wonderful St or you can
be the cruelest person. You
could think of, but you're still
going to survive his left.
That's an automatic thing and
this process. Let's you begin to
know that not believe it, but no
it and is a great difference
between believing annoying a
huge difference. You can listen
to me and say, I believe you.
But if I give you the tools, so
that you can find this out and
say, Oh yes. Now I know it.
Think of the wonderful freedom
that it would give you to know
that you survived if not believe
it, but no it. Look how that
would affect your life.
And if you know that you survive
physical death. This is one of
the things that's very common in
the use of him missing
eventually People get to that
knowing stage. They know that
they surprised physical death,
it's great stuff. Because that
let you play here that let you
live that much more fully simply
because that thing. This
controlled you so much in your
life. The fear of death no
longer exists. Bob given what
you've been saying what is the
purpose of our playing here
what? What are we here for that
night's absurdly easy?
And I say absurd because it's so
apparent once you begin to look
at it with what I call a
different overview from another
perspective look at it.
Is best described as?
You you come here as a vortex of
Energii, an I might add as an
alien to this earth life system.
You don't belong here, so you
try to change. It man humans try
to change it. They don't like
the way trees are planted so
they plan to Monroes. When this
system, says do it. This way,
and they wanted a nice straight
that's typical of humankind.
But why do we come to this?
Thing. And we call the earth
and live on Earth and be human
very, very fascinating, but
obvious answer the more you
look at it. The more obviously
becomes to you and that is,
you came here to learn now.
What did you come to learn
these are nice neat questions?